Add a page setup guide (#1911)
typst/typst: docs/guides/page-setup.md

```

If `binding` is `left`, `inside` margins will be on the left on odd pages, and
vice versa.

## Add headers and footers
Headers and footers are inserted in the top and bottom margin of every page. You
can add custom headers and footers or just insert a page number.

In case you need more than just a page number, the best way to insert a header
and a footer are the `header` and `footer` arguments of the `page` set rule. You
can pass any content as their values:

```example
#set page(header: [
  _Lisa Strassner's Thesis_
  #h(1fr)
  National Academy of Sciences
])
```

Headers are bottom-aligned by default, so that they do not collide with the top
edge of the page. You can change this by wrapping your header in the `align`
function.

### Different header and footer on specific pages
You'll need different headers and footers on some pages. For example, you may
not want a header and footer on the title page. The example below shows how to
conditionally remove the header on the first page:

```example
#set page(
  header: locate(loc => {
    if counter(page).at(loc).first() > 1 [
      _Lisa Strassner's Thesis_
      #h(1fr)
      National Academy of Sciences
    ]
  }),
)
```

> This example may look intimidating, but let's break it down: We are telling

Reviewer: This could also explain that you can have two different set rules for title page and secon page instead of the locate/if combo (at least if you have a separate title page without content flowing onto the next page).

#lorem(80)
```

The show rule will wrap everything that comes after it in its function. The
`with` method allows us to pass arguments, in this case, the column count, to a
function without calling it.

Another use of the `columns` function is to create columns inside of a container
like a rectangle or to customize gutter size:

```example
#rect(
  width: 6cm,
  height: 3.5cm,
  columns(2, gutter: 12pt)[
    In the dimly lit gas station,
    a solitary taxi stood silently,
    its yellow paint fading with
    time. Its windows were dark,
    its engine idle, and its tires
    rested on the cold concrete.
  ]
)
```

### Balanced columns
If the columns on the last page of a document differ greatly in length, they may
create a lopsided and unappealing layout. That's why typographers will often
equalize the length of columns on the last page. This effect is called balancing
columns. Typst cannot yet balance columns automatically. However, you can
balance columns manually by placing `[#colbreak()]` at an appropriate spot in
your markup, creating the desired column break manually.

## One-off modifications
You do not need to override your page settings if you need to insert a single

> page with a different setup. For example, you may want to insert page that's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page with a different setup. For example, you may want to insert a page that's
```

flipped to landscape to insert a big table or change the margin and columns for
your title page. In this case, you can call `page` as a function with your

> content as argument and the overrides as parameter. This will insert enough new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the overrides and your content as arguments. This will insert enough new
```
